Title: Attention Is All You Need
Authors: Ashish Vaswani, Noam Shazeer, Niki Parmar, Jakob Uszkoreit, Llion Jones, Aidan N. Gomez, Lukasz Kaiser, Illia Polosukhin
Abstract: The dominant sequence transduction models are based on complex recurrent or convolutional neural networks that include an encoder and a decoder. The best performing models also connect the encoder and decoder through an attention mechanism. We propose a new simple network architecture, the Transformer, based solely on attention mechanisms, dispensing with recurrence and convolutions entirely. Experiments on two machine translation tasks show these models to be superior in quality while being more parallelizable and requiring significantly less time to train. Our model achieves 28.4 BLEU on the WMT 2014 English-to-German translation task, improving over the existing best results, including ensembles, by over 2 BLEU. On the WMT 2014 English-to-French translation task, our model establishes a new single-model state-of-the-art BLEU score of 41.8 after training for 3.5 days on eight GPUs, a small fraction of the training costs of the best models from the literature. We show that the Transformer generalizes well to other tasks by applying it successfully to English constituency parsing with large and limited training data.

Title: BERT: Pre-training of Deep Bidirectional Transformers for Language Understanding
Authors: Jacob Devlin, Ming-Wei Chang, Kenton Lee, Kristina Toutanova
Abstract: We introduce a new language representation model called BERT, which stands for Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers. Unlike recent language representation models, BERT is designed to pre-train deep bidirectional representations from unlabeled text by jointly conditioning on both left and right context in all layers. As a result, the pre-trained BERT model can be fine-tuned with just one additional output layer to create state-of-the-art models for a wide range of tasks, such as question answering and language inference, without substantial task-specific architecture modifications. BERT is conceptually simple and empirically powerful. It obtains new state-of-the-art results on eleven natural language processing tasks, including pushing the GLUE score to 80.5% (7.7% point absolute improvement), MultiNLI accuracy to 86.7% (4.6% absolute improvement), SQuAD v1.1 question answering Test F1 to 93.2 (1.5 point absolute improvement) and SQuAD v2.0 Test F1 to 83.1 (5.1 point absolute improvement).

Title: A Programmable Dual-RNA-Guided DNA Endonuclease in Adaptive Bacterial Immunity
Authors: Martin Jinek, Krzysztof Chylinski, Ines Fonfara, Michael Hauer, Jennifer A. Doudna, Emmanuelle Charpentier
Abstract: Clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR)/CRISPR-associated (Cas) systems provide adaptive immunity against viruses and plasmids in bacteria and archaea. The type II CRISPR/Cas system from Streptococcus pyogenes uses a dual-RNA structure consisting of CRISPR RNA (crRNA) and trans-activating crRNA (tracrRNA) to guide the Cas9 endonuclease to introduce double-strand breaks in target DNA. Cas9 unwinds DNA duplexes and cleaves both strands upon recognizing a protospacer adjacent motif (PAM) sequence. We demonstrate that the dual-tracrRNA:crRNA can be engineered into a single chimeric guide RNA (sgRNA) that directs site-specific Cas9-catalyzed cleavage of plasmid and genomic DNA. This programmable RNA-guided DNA endonuclease system provides a versatile tool for RNA-directed genome editing and targeted genetic engineering across diverse biological organisms.
